Multi Cluster Doc Update + Gateway CUS Tickets (#941)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: snippets/changelog/Gateway-3.12.0.mdx

- **Automatic system protection**: When encryption or decryption fails, Gateway can automatically throttle the problematic client for the specified duration, preventing system overload
- **Configurable behavior**: You can enable and adjust throttling based on your system's needs and error tolerance

[Find out more about encryption and decryption configurations](/gateway/interceptors/data-security/encryption/).

### Fixes

- Fixed `KUBERNETES` authentication for Vault to automatically read the JWT token from the default service account path at `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token`, eliminating the need for manual JWT configuration. Configuration key changed from `jwt` (`VAULT_KUBERNETES_JWT`) to `path` (`VAULT_KUBERNETES_PATH`).

> - Enhanced Gateway audit logging to include request body content for token creation operations, improving security auditing capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced Gateway audit logging to include request body content for API requests, improving auditing capabilities.
```
